The first example is the beginning of the song Karatachi no Hana.
The second example is the singing of the song Karatachi no Hana.
The third example is the singing of the song Karatachi no Hana.
The fourth example is the singing of the song Karatachi no Hana.
The fifth example is the singing of the song Karatachi no Hana.
The flowers of Karatachi have bloomed.
Finally, let's take the example from the first A of this song, A Soudayo, to the second A.
The first example is the
portamento that has been corrected.
The second example is the most elegant legato.
The third example is the
portamento that has been corrected.
The fourth example is the
The fifth example is the
portamento that has been corrected.
The sixth example is the
The seventh example is the
portamento that has been corrected.
The eighth example is the portamento that has been corrected.
The tenth example is the portamento that has been corrected.